	Given an array with n objects colored red, white or blue, sort them so that objects of the same color are adjacent, with the colors in the order red, white and blue.

	Here, we will use the integers 0, 1, and 2 to represent the color red, white, and blue respectively.

	Note:
	You are not suppose to use the library's sort function for this problem.

# Possible Solutions

## S1: directly

Using any algorithm to sort it.

## S2: Counting Sort

 + Count the number of elements that have each distinct key value
 + Determine the positions of each key value in the output array, refill the array by iteration

**Using this method, we have to traverse the array twice.**

//Time Complexity: O(n)

//Space Complexity: O(1)

## S3: Quick Sort of Three-way Partition

Keep in mind that arr[0...zero]==0, arr[two...n-1]==2 (arr[zero+1...i-1]==1).  
// Note that i-1 represents the end of 1s, before the unsorted array part  
// i is the place the unsorted elements start  
// In conclusion: [0..zero]:0   [zero+1..i-1]:1  [i..two-1]:unknown [two..n-1]:2

**Using this method, we only have to traverse the array once.**

+ Set index i, zero=-1, two=n
+ If nums[i]==1, i++
+ If nums[i]==2, swap it with the one element before 2s (nums[two-1]), and don't move i forward cuz we have yet decide the value of this new nums[i]
+ If nums[i]==0, swap it with the one element after 0s (nums[zero+1]), which is definetly 1, so i++

//Time Complexity: O(n)

//Space Complexity: O(1)

# Why Quick Sort 3-way would be in this order?

### Suppose we do it like: 

Array N be seperated in 4 parts:

	|   <v    |   ==v  |  >v   |   unkown values| 
			 _			_		_
	         |			|		|
	         lr 		gr		i	

While:
+ N[i] < v: swap(N[i],N[++lr]), swap(N[i],N[gr++])
+ N[i] = v: swap(N[gr],N[i]), i++
+ N[i] > v: i++

### In the S3 we do it like: 

Array N be seperated in 4 parts:

	|   <v    |   ==v  |  unknown  |   >v | 
			 _			_			_
	         |			|			|
	         lr 		i			gr	

While:
+ N[i] < v: swap(N[i],N[++lr]), i++
+ N[i] = v: i++
+ N[i] > v: swap(N[i], N[--gr]), do not move i

S3 wins by saving more swaps. That's why we choose this kind of partition of the array.